Adding the option to label the custom image as default (#563)
kyma-project/test-infra: development/custom-image/README.md

## Image creation process

> To run the script, use the command **create-custom-image.sh**. To set the image created by this script as default custom image, add the flag `--default` to the command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the script, use the `create-custom-image.sh` command. To set the image created by this script as a default custom image, add the `--default` flag to the command.
```

> > **NOTE:** Adding the flag `--default` to this script will add the label "default:yes" to the created custom image. By default, the script [`provision-vm-and-start-kyma.sh`](../../prow/scripts/provision-vm-and-start-kyma.sh) will select the latest default custom image available in Kyma project to provision the VM instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** Adding the `--default` flag to this script adds the `default:yes` label to the created custom image. By default, the [`provision-vm-and-start-kyma.sh`](../../prow/scripts/provision-vm-and-start-kyma.sh) script selects the latest default custom image available in Kyma project to provision the VM instance.
```
